tests/README.md, before:

# Test scripts

The scripts directly under `tests/` are for running from the command line locally.
`tests/container-scripts` are for running within the container, but can be run externally with
scripts like `run-tests.sh` after the container has been built with `build-container.sh` and
run with `start-chains.sh`. `all-up-test.sh` and `run-all-test.sh` automatically run the whole
process from building the container to executing scripts in it.

NOTE: in the default case, `git archive ... HEAD` is used so that only committed changes will be used.

## USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS

For CI or other rigorous testing, the scripts should be run without setting `USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS`,
in which case the default behavior will build needed artifacts from scratch in a clean container.

The default process takes several minutes which makes development cycles slow. Instead,
`USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS=1` can be prepended (e.x.
`USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS=1 bash all-up-test.sh HAPPY_PATH_V2`). This will cause
`build-container.sh` to use locally built artifacts. The first build in a clean repository will be
as slow as the default case, but every build afterwards will reuse the local incremental compilation
data on the Rust and Go sides.

One more thing which can reduce build time is to comment out the line below "build npm artifacts"
in `build-container.sh` (because `npm` is slow at rebuilding when no changes have been made), but
only do this after the first build after changes to `solidity/`

Commit message:

Add REMOTE_STRESS and increase test script capabilities (#68)

tests/README.md, after:

# Test scripts

The scripts directly under `tests/` are for running from the command line locally.
`tests/container-scripts` are for running within the container, but can be run externally with
scripts like `run-tests.sh` after the container has been built with `build-container.sh` and
run with `start-chains.sh`. `all-up-test.sh` and `run-all-test.sh` automatically run the whole
process from building the container to executing scripts in it.

NOTE: in the default case, `git archive ... HEAD` is used so that only committed changes will be used.

Running `all-up-test.sh` by itself or `all-up-test-internal.sh` in a running container has the
feature that `COSMOS_NODE_GRPC` and `COSMOS_NODE_ABCI` or `ETH_NODE` can be set, in which case the
default node setup scripts are skipped and the test runner will try to use preexisting nodes.
If `GRAVITY_ADDRESS` is set only ERC20 contracts are deployed.

`all-up-test.sh NO_SCRIPTS` can be run if you want to start the test container without any scripts
running inside it initially.


## USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS

For CI or other rigorous testing, the scripts should be run without setting `USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS`,
in which case the default behavior will build needed artifacts from scratch in a clean container.

The default process takes several minutes which makes development cycles slow. Instead,
`USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS=1` can be prepended (e.x.
`USE_LOCAL_ARTIFACTS=1 bash all-up-test.sh HAPPY_PATH_V2`). This will cause
`build-container.sh` to use locally built artifacts. The first build in a clean repository will be
as slow as the default case, but every build afterwards will reuse the local incremental compilation
data on the Rust and Go sides.

One more thing which can reduce build time is to comment out the line below "build npm artifacts"
in `build-container.sh` (because `npm` is slow at rebuilding when no changes have been made), but
only do this after the first build after changes to `solidity/`
